Add MITM guide (#39604)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/security/attacks/mitm/index.md

Modern web hosting services support HTTPS for you, either by default or through a configuration setting. In this situation, the hosting service is likely to manage your certificate and configure the server on your behalf.

### Loading subresources

When a page loads resources (scripts, stylesheets, fonts, images, and so on), these resources should also be served over HTTPS. If a page is loaded over HTTPS and it attempts to load resources over HTTP, then the browser will either try to upgrade the load request to use HTTPS or will block the request: this is called [mixed content blocking](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Mixed_content).

If it's not possible for you to update your code to load resources from HTTPS URLs (for example, because your HTML has been archived) your server can set a [content security policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP) that contains the [`upgrade-insecure-requests`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP#upgrading_insecure_requests) directive, and the browser will automatically upgrade these requests to HTTPS.

### Upgrading HTTP requests

> Even if your site is served over HTTPS, users may still request it over HTTP: for example, by typing `http://example.org` into the address bar. To support this case, you can listen for HTTP requests and use a [301 Moved Permanently](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status/301) response to redirect to the HTTPS version.

Reviewer: "To support" isn't quite right here. You probably mean "to ensure that HTTPS connections are used, your server can ..."

Author: Tried to clarify in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/39604/commits/9090d1f6110981d033602d6686a77821b0129b46.

Author: But I don't think it does work, that's my point. If you're not listening for HTTP connection requests, then the site won't work when people try to visit HTTP URLs. We're not recommending that people listen for both HTTP and HTTPS, and then redirect the HTTP->HTTPS.

So it's not "ensure that when the user requests HTTP, they get HTTPS instead of HTTP", it's "ensure that when the user requests HTTP, they get HTTPS instead of an error".

Reviewer: If your site doesn't work on HTTP then why do you care about SS stripping then? It prevents your upgrade to HTTPS so your site still errors.

That's why I read this as "move everything to HTTPS"

However, this gives attackers the opportunity to intercept the initial exchange, and then prevent the upgrade to HTTPS from happening. This is sometimes called an _SSL stripping_ attack ({{glossary("SSL")}} is the precursor to TLS).

To reduce the risk of this attack, your server should also send the [HTTP `Strict-Transport-Security`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security) (HSTS) response header: this informs clients that you wish them to use HTTPS, and will cause the browser to connect using HTTPS directly for any subsequent visits, even those made using HTTP URLs.

> That reduces the window of exposure for SSL stripping to the first time the browser tries to connect to your site (or, since HSTS has an expiry, the first time after an HSTS record in the browser has expired). To close this window as well, Chrome maintains a list of domains called the [HSTS preload list](https://hstspreload.org/): if a domain is on this list, then Chrome will always upgrade HTTP request to HTTPS, effectively behaving as if the server has already sent the HSTS header. Safari and Firefox have similar behavior, using a list that is derived from the Chrome list.

Reviewer: Yes, those are all fair criticisms of the suggestion. How about this (and I can still live with your original version)

```suggestion
With HSTS, SSL stripping is prevented except for the first time the browser tries to connect to your site (or, since HSTS has an expiry, the first time after an HSTS record in the browser has expired). To protect your site even on first connection, Chrome maintains a list of domains called the [HSTS preload list](https://hstspreload.org/): if a domain is on this list, then Chrome will always upgrade HTTP request to HTTPS, effectively behaving as if the server has already sent the HSTS header. Safari and Firefox have similar behavior, using a list that is derived from the Chrome list.
```

Modern web hosting services support HTTPS for you, either by default or through a configuration setting. In this situation, the hosting service is likely to manage your certificate and configure the server on your behalf.

### Loading subresources

When a page loads resources (scripts, stylesheets, fonts, images, and so on), these resources should also be served over HTTPS. If a page is loaded over HTTPS and it attempts to load resources over HTTP, then the browser will either try to upgrade the load request to use HTTPS or will block the request: this is called [mixed content blocking](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Mixed_content).

If it's not possible for you to update your code to load resources from HTTPS URLs (for example, because your HTML has been archived) your server can set a [content security policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP) that contains the [`upgrade-insecure-requests`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CSP#upgrading_insecure_requests) directive, and the browser will automatically upgrade these requests to HTTPS.

### Upgrading HTTP requests

> Even if your site is served over HTTPS, users may still request it over HTTP: for example, by typing `http://example.org` into the address bar. To enable your site to work in cases like this, you can listen for HTTP requests and use a [301 Moved Permanently](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status/301) response to redirect to the HTTPS version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if your site is only served over HTTPS, users may still request it over HTTP: for example, by typing `http://example.org` into the address bar. To enable your site to work in cases like this, you can listen for HTTP requests and use a [301 Moved Permanently](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status/301) response to redirect to the HTTPS version.
```
